Readme.md, before:

LegacyRestGenerator
=================

LegacyRestGenerator is a DSL package (a plugin module) for [Rhetos development platform](https://github.com/Rhetos/Rhetos).

LegacyRestGenerator automatically generates REST interface for all data structures and actions that are defined in a Rhetos application.

See [rhetos.org](http://www.rhetos.org/) for more information on Rhetos.

Features
========

LegacyRestGenerator provides DomainService.svc service that is single service with multiple operations.
Read/Insert/Update/Delete operations for all entities as well as Actions and other operations are available through this single service (single WSDL).

Prerequisites
=============

Utilities in this project are based on relative path to Rhetos repository. [Rhetos source](https://github.com/Rhetos/Rhetos) must be downloaded to a folder with relative path `..\..\Rhetos`. 

Sample folder structure:
 
	\ROOT
		\Rhetos
		\RhetosPackages
			\LegacyRestGenerator


Build and Installation
======================

Build package with `Build.bat`. Check BuildError.log for errors.

Instalation package creation:

1. Set the new version number in `ChangeVersion.bat` and start it.
2. Start `CreatePackage.bat`. Instalation package (.zip) is going to be created in parent directory of LegacyRestGenerator.

Commit message:

Improved build: Removed relative path reference to the Rhetos source. Fixed the "-o" issue with the new NuGet.exe command-line.

Readme.md, after:

# LegacyRestGenerator

LegacyRestGenerator is a plugin package for [Rhetos development platform](https://github.com/Rhetos/Rhetos).
It automatically generates REST interface for all data structures and actions that are defined in a Rhetos application.

See [rhetos.org](http://www.rhetos.org/) for more information on Rhetos.

## Features

LegacyRestGenerator provides DomainService.svc service that is single service with multiple operations.
Read/Insert/Update/Delete operations for all entities as well as Actions and other operations are available through this single service (single WSDL).

## Build

To build the package from source, run `Build.bat`.
The script will pause in case of an error.
The build output is a NuGet package in the "Install" subfolder.

## Installation

To install this package to a Rhetos server, add it to the Rhetos server's *RhetosPackages.config* file
and make sure the NuGet package location is listed in the *RhetosPackageSources.config* file.

* The package ID is "**Rhetos.LegacyRestGenerator**".
* For more information, see [Installing plugin packages](https://github.com/Rhetos/Rhetos/wiki/Installing-plugin-packages).
